[API/YAML] macOS setup experience: setup Platform SSO to create local user account with IdP credentials (#33262)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/yaml-files.md

- `bootstrap_package` is the URL to a bootstrap package. Fleet will download the bootstrap package (default: `""`).
- `manual_agent_install` specifies whether Fleet's agent (fleetd) will be installed as part of setup experience. (default: `false`)
- `enable_end_user_authentication` specifies whether or not to require end user authentication when the user first sets up their macOS host. 

> - `create_local_user_account` is the object that specify path to Platform SSO configuration profile and path to SSO extension software package used to automatically create local user accountwhen the user first sets up their macOS host.

Author: ### Dev note:

---

- If the user tries to delete a package from the team, that is already added to `create_local_user_account`, throw an error:
  - 'Couldn't edit "<file_name>" at "software.packages". The software is added to "create_local_user_account". Please remove it from there first.'
- If the user tries to delete a configuration profile from the team that is already added to `create_local_user_account`, throw an error:
  - 'Couldn't edit "<file_name>" at "controls.macos_settings.custom_settings". The configuration profile is added to "create_local_user_account". Please remove it from there first.'
- If the user tries to add a setup experience software, but it's already added to `create_local_user_account`, throw an error.
  - 'Couldn't edit "<file_name>" at "controls.macos_setup.software". The software is added to "create_local_user_account". Please remove it from there first.'

> - `create_local_user_account` is the object that specify path to Platform SSO configuration profile and path to SSO extension software package used to automatically create local user accountwhen the user first sets up their macOS host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `create_local_user_account` is the object that specifies path to Platform SSO configuration profile and path to SSO extension software package used to automatically create a local user account when the user first sets up their macOS host.
```
